Hi everyone, welcome back to the Ravit
show. Today's episode is one special
episode because I'm joined by Tyler
Deng, co-founder and CEO of Behive.
Tyler, uh first of all, long view and
I'm so happy to have you on the Ravit
show. Today we're going to discuss about
various things uh and just for our
audience if you ever thought about you
know starting a newsletter, growing one
or actually turning it into a real
business, this episode is going to be a
blast for you. So instead of talking
theory, uh Tyler and I decided that
Tyler should come and talk us and walk
us behind the scenes how the newsletter
is built. Uh talk about his own
newsletter, Big Desk Energy because I've
seen it grow massively in the last one
year or at least one and a half year uh
and exactly tell us how he runs
day-to-day uh stuff using behive. Uh
we'll also cover website setup,
automations, other growth hacks and also
the AI. Uh obviously we can't go about
without talking about AI and what is
realistically possible when you stay
consistent. So Tyler once again uh great
to have you on the Ravit show. Excited
to chat today.
>> Hell of an intro. Glad to be here. I'm
pumped. Let's do [laughter] it.
>> Awesome. Uh Tyler, to start with before
we jump into tools, uh let's set the
context right for our audience. The Big
Dest Energy has grown like I said
massively in the last one year. Tell me
a little bit about what the newsletter
is, who is it for and uh what growth
looked like recently. Share a little bit
about that with our audience.
>> Yeah, I'll take a step back and say I
obviously as you gave in the
introduction am the co-founder and CEO
of Beehive. So Beehive is primarily a
newsletter platform. We also do a lot of
other things. We have a full website
builder. We help you grow faster. We
help you monetize. And we are home to
tens of thousands of like the top
newsletters in the world. And so after
the first two years of building the
platform and seeing all of these content
creators have amazing success, I decided
that I wanted to launch my own
newsletter on the platform for a few
different reasons. One, I've already
kind of been building in public and
sharing kind of the journey of building
behive behind the scenes on X and
LinkedIn. And then I'm just such I I
also run product here and so I can do my
job so much better if I'm actually using
the product every single day and
building my own newsletter. So when
people reach out and our users ask about
um the different features and what they
want, what they don't like about the
platform and what they love about the
platform because I myself am a user, it
just is such an easier way to be able to
resonate and build product for them.
>> So two years ago,
>> you were right. You said one year, year
and a half, you were you were almost
there. two years. Um, yes,
>> two year, two years ago, I launched a
newsletter called Big Desk Energy. It's
named after my Spotify playlist, which
you should check out. [laughter] And
it's basically building in public, but
instead of on X, it is extended to a
1500word essay that I send once a week
on Tuesdays. So, the people who
typically read my newsletter fall into a
few different categories. One would be
they are a entrepreneur or startup
founder or early startup employee who's
interested in like the behind the scenes
of building a company. And then there's
definitely people who are just
interested in in Beehive and the story
and the journey that I'm trying to share
how we raise money, how we build
product. And so I basically am super
transparent and put all of that into my
weekly newsletter.
>> And then I didn't answer your growth
question. So we launched two years ago.
We are at about 120,000 subscribers
today.
And so
>> good growth it it's led I mean I've
probably made half a million dollars
through sponsorships and events through
the newsletter. So it's like a I think
the power of newsletters, right? It's
it's so low cost and easy to set up yet
I've generated half a million dollars of
revenue from doing this as a side
project. I put five five hours a week
into this. Um
>> wow. So, that's what I'm excited about
today because I think the plan here is
I'm going to screen share and show the
full behind the scenes. How have I taken
this newsletter from nothing two years
ago to 120,000 subscribers, half a
million dollars in revenue, and how you
can use the same platform and tools to
do the same.
>> Very impressive. I love the it and you
know having I I'm pretty sure all the
audience that are kind of listening and
all the creators listening uh and even
the founders entrepreneurs they would
want to understand how it all works
because I know for a fact where a lot of
parts are also automated. So uh before
we get into and you know you share your
screen and tell give us like behind the
scenes what parts of the business of now
for Louisa automated versus what still
needs your input uh directly which
actually takes those five hours in a
week. Uh so tell us a little bit about
that as well Tyler.
>> Yeah I'd say I mean we have an
automation suite where you can build
different types of automations but the
core platform is to create content and a
lot of that is still not automated for
good reason. I think a lot of our users
and our writers enjoy writing. They're
very talented and probably better than
any of these LLM and like different
models that you can use for writing. And
so we you create the newsletter
yourself. We do have an AI editor into
the newsletter where you can kind of
chat with it. You can translate. You can
have it re rework and edit your content.
So that that exists. Um and then we have
the automation suite. And then we've
used AI, we have an AI website builder.
So you can imagine like
>> a lovable type experience where you can
chat directly with AI and we'll build
different web pages.
>> Um and we're working on building more AI
into the platform. But it is like this
delicate balance because we are working
with creators of what's the right mix of
science and art where AI helps do things
that you don't want to do like data
retrieval and understanding who your
audience is but it actually encourages
the creation of these really talented
users that we have to build the best
Yeah. No, I love it. Uh awesome. Uh I
feel uh and just for the audience as
well, full transparency, I myself use
behive uh and I've been using it for
more than a year now. And uh that's one
of the reasons I was so excited to have
Tyler. I think I remember it very well
when I actually started using it in the
first month itself. I told Tyler, we
need to do a show and we need to discuss
about it. And we finally found the right
time obviously because I think the the
platform has evolved so much but at the
same time it has become so user friendly
because creators like ourselves. Uh the
biggest challenge for us is when we have
to work around our newsletter and
there's a lot of either coding that
needs to be done or if the website is
not right we need 10 other people or a
team of people who should be helping for
the website which is not the case here.
Yeah, it's drag and drop a lot of things
is so so good in terms of you know
obviously making the the website look uh
you know you can structure it easily and
creator friendly as well. So uh yeah
that's my uh obviously disclaimer mode
that I've been using and that's one of
the reasons now we chatting and I'm
getting more into the details. So let's
get started. Let's let's start from you
know obviously you mentioned about
website Tyler uh do you want to start
there? Give us a sneak peek into what
you have built as well. I can uh pull up
the screen if you would like.
>> Yeah, let's do it. I think the hardest
part about this podcast is going to be
can we cover everything that behive can
offer in [laughter] 45 minutes and
usually no, but we'll see what we can do
here. Yeah, feel free to
>> So, I we did we have our own website
builder and so we're not just a
newsletter platform. So, I thought it
was important to show like what is
possible using our website builder. Then
we can dive into my specific website.
This is actually very meta of us. This
is a website called very good websites
which is actually built on beehive
showcasing all of the different websites
that we want to highlight. And so to
give you an idea like this is a sample
website that was built on our platform.
This is another beautiful website uh
that was built on Beehive um and as was
this. So kind of giving you like a wide
range of the different types of websites
you can build using our website builder.
And then that kind of leads us to
>> my website. So this is Big Desk Energy.
Everything you see here, this uh kind of
crappy Windows 98 retro theme is all
[laughter]
I love it. Um I built this entirely
using our website builder. Um and so you
can kind of see um just like the design
customization and flexibility that you
have. And then you can see jumping into
different posts. This is like the
content that I'm creating. Um and this
is a sample newsletter that I've sent,
which is also a blog post. Uh, so I kind
of wanted to start there just kind of
showing like what's possible and I can
jump into the actual behive dashboard
and show you how you build one of those
websites. So this is
>> this is the core dashboard. You can see
again very transparent about everything.
You can see the 120,000 subs,
clickthrough rate, open rate, earnings
in the past 12 months. Um, and I can
explain why that's not the half million
that I described earlier. A lot of my
earnings are actually all platform. So
I'm not lying there. Um yeah,
>> then before jumping into the website
builder, one thing I think is awesome to
show is actually website analytics.
>> And so we actually built a full suite of
analytics as if to replace Google
Analytics where you can see traffic
>> uh page views, sessions over the past
three months. What's really interesting
is you can see obviously where all of
the different pages that people are
visiting.
lots of other cool stuff too in terms of
like platform like iOS, Mac, Windows,
Android, you can see down here. Um, same
with the traffic sources and where
people are actually coming from. So,
Facebook ads direct. Um, so I think this
is really powerful because I think what
you're going to notice in this video is
one of our core philosophies at Behive
is we think consolidation and being able
to bring all of the best tools and
functionality into one platform is much
better than you having to use 15
different platforms as a creator. So
true.
>> Yep.
>> So I'll jump into the actual website
builder now that So here obviously you
can see I just showed you what my
website looks like. Um
>> Yep.
>> And you can see here this is exactly
where I was able to build it. So I can
jump into any of these elements here.
And you can see along on the right side
I can edit everything from the layout,
the colors, the sides. Um I'm going to
go to a different page actually and show
you what is possible. So, this is my
subscribe page.
>> As you could with any other website
builder, can drag stuff in here, make it
super easy. Let's add this heading. And
we'll call this new section. And then,
of course, over here, you can do
whatever you want. We'll make that red.
Um,
>> nice.
>> And and it's super flexible. So, we have
all these elements here from authors,
posts, social, but I think the most
flexible would be like the HTML element.
And so you can drop HTML wherever you
want into your website.
>> Wow.
>> One thing that is cool, we built this
website called very good components. And
these are like different web components
that we've helped our users um create
for the website. And so if I go into
this HTML block, let me jump into the
code.
>> And so I I copied this code directly
from this website that we built to help
our users. And now you can see this like
beautiful
>> Wow, I love it.
>> But what what's really cool here is you
can actually jump back into this code
and then using AI, I can say, can you
update that middle image to be a city
landscape? So full like AI vibe coding,
you can describe whatever you want and
it'll start just coding for you.
>> And so taking this element and I started
with a custom HTML element. The truth is
you can actually chat with anything. So
I could have chatted and that one header
that I added I could have said can you
make it bigger and add some hover effect
and that would also work. Um
>> nice.
>> So here it looks like it is done
updating and then you can see when I go
to this middle image it's now updated to
what I asked right
>> yeah it can do all of the different
coding for you. Um so this is like a bit
of like the flexibility of the website
builder and again I showed you all of
the different examples. There's other
like integrations that I think are nice
with the platform here in the subscribe
form, which is obviously very important.
You can see that when someone puts in
their email, I can choose which
automation they're going to be enrolled
into. Um, and obviously this one is just
like the normal welcome one, but a key
thing that I do for growth is I have a
bunch of lead magnets. I'll show you
what that looks like. So, if I come up
here,
>> that would be interesting.
If I go to and just to take a step back,
a lead magnet essentially for anyone
who's watching and is unaware is I want
to provide value to someone. In order
for them to receive that reward or
whatever it is, they have to put in
their email
>> and because I am very transparent about
everything, I have our C deck, which is
what we used to raise $2.5 million when
we first started the company. And a lot
of founders don't actually share their
decks of like how they were.
>> So I post on X or uh LinkedIn or I'll
even run ads occasionally saying if you
want to see the deck that we created to
raise $2.5 million, you can sign up and
receive it for free. People click on
that,
>> they come to this page, again this was
built using the Beehive website builder.
they put in their email and they'll
receive the uh the seed deck and so here
let me go to under resources beehive
seed deck so this is the actual page
that I created
>> page got it
>> but what's cool
>> they get this in the email itself once
they kind of you know put in the email
right
>> right so that's what I was going to show
you right here in this subscribe form if
you go over here again like I have all
of the customization to make the
subscribe form look and say exactly what
I want but what's really powerful is
>> I can choose the automation and the
automation that I chose is the beehive
seed deck lead magnet. So, anyone who
lands on this page and puts in their
email will automatically be enrolled
into that automation, which is a great
segue to show you our automation suite.
And I'll show you,
>> wow,
>> the Beehive Seed lead magnet. Very
simple automation. It's just two steps,
right? It is once someone submits an
email, um, and obviously what is
triggered is from that subscribe form
that I just showed you. um they they
will receive
>> this very simple email from me and this
is a link to the deck.
>> So fullfunnel is they I you know I send
traffic from social to this website they
put in their email here they are
enrolled into this automation they
receive the deck they get the seed deck
and I get a new subscriber and that's
like one of the great growth strategies
that I've used.
>> Love it.
Um, another thing I think while we're in
automations world, I use a lot of
automations. You can kind of see how
we've been able to build our automation
suite. You can see of So, I've gotten
7,600 subscribers from this lead magnet.
>> The open rate of that email, 80%
incredibly good.
>> You can see day by day exactly how many
people are receiving the and then
there's a list of like the people who
have received it. And then you can go
into the performance and this is like
the actual recipients opens clicks and
you can kind of see in the past four
weeks um open rate etc.
>> Wow this is massive this so this is
again you know there are a lot of
automations that can be done uh and we
can customize these automations. So one
example is where Tyler it kind of goes
directly you someone puts in the email
it triggers sends them across. What are
the other sort of automations that we
can do here?
>> Yeah, so that was for the seed or the
seed deck and the lead magnet. This is
my normal. So, I'll zoom out a little
bit. This is a bigger one that has a
bunch more steps. And you can see like
you can get pretty complex with the
automations. Here we have a true false
branch. Basically, what I do is after
you sign up um to my newsletter, I
created a survey form that asks basic
information like your age, your
profession, what you're interested in.
>> That's super valuable to me because I
want to know exactly who my audience is
so I can eventually sell ads to
different advertisers based on
>> and and that automation, by the way, is
built directly here, I'll show you the
survey. Uh, we have a built-in survey
feature and you can see it here. Um, and
let me go into the form builder. So,
this is like the form that I created.
First name, when's when's your birthday?
What describes you? And it's like
founder, investor, employee, um, and
then primary skill set because I want to
know is my audience mostly engineering,
marketing, sales, etc. So, this is a
form that everyone will fill out once
they subscribe to the newsletter.
And
>> yep,
>> I would say
maybe half people um will fill that out.
So what I do in my welcome journey,
which is so this is the automation that
I set up right after someone signs up.
This is a welcome email and I can show
you what that looks like.
>> Yep.
>> Uh this is like the pretty standard
introduction and I just kind of
introduce who I am and what Big Desk
Energy is.
>> So this is an email that everyone
receives. Um, but then it gets a little
bit more advanced where I wait. You can
see I wait one day.
>> Nice.
>> And then I ask whether or not that they
submitted. This is I mean it's not a
great name, but this is the name of the
form that I created, the survey form.
[laughter]
>> And so it basically says like was it
submitted or not? And if it was not
submitted, what I actually do is I send
this other email that says you forgot
something and I asked them to submit the
I asked them to submit the form again.
Well, they didn't submit it the first
time, so I ask again to submit the form.
>> Wow. So that leads to I think about a
third of my audience has completed the
survey form which helps me sell
advertising.
>> Um and then there's like other things I
do here. But yeah, this is like more an
advanced automation. But I think the
main touch points as a content creator
or entrepreneur that you want to be
aware of is when someone signs up for
your email, you want to give them a a
notice or like an alert or a welcome
that they were successfully subscribed
and introduce yourself. So I think the
welcome series is kind of like the the
standard of what you would want to do.
>> I love it. I love this. Uh and you know
the biggest thing what I feel is like
whereas we are in the world of agents
now what happens is basically a creator
kind of goes out and uses various agents
separately. We kind of use agents to you
know trigger these kind of steps. But
looks like B has it internally and to be
honest Tyler I haven't tried it myself
all of these features as well like uh I
didn't know about multiple triggers that
we could kind of go about and you know
obviously do because it is such a like
it saves so much time but it also gives
you uh obviously reminders to various
things. It's not only just limited to my
own survey, but then it could be maybe a
client survey that I want to run with
maybe a few data and AI experts and uh
it could be where they are incentivized
for filling the form. But then this
could be such a game changer where I
don't have to it doesn't feel like a
spam. It just gives you a reminder. It
is very well customized as well. So 100%
game changer.
>> Yeah. At the end of the day, as a
creator, what you want to do is you,
especially if you're exploring email,
you want to collect emails. And we make
it so easy to create landing pages, to
create content, um to build automations,
and to like keep engaging your audience.
So, yeah, I I have a bunch of triggers.
One of my automations actually. So, in
that last question of that survey, I ask
um what your goal is for the next year.
And exactly 12 months from when you
subscribe, I send you a reminder of what
your goal was. Um and people love that
email. And so I think there's like a lot
of really interesting cool touch points
and things that you can do as a creator
that we make it so simple to do on the
platform.
>> Um yeah, cool.
>> It just becomes more personalized as
well, but at the same time you don't
have to worry about these automations.
It's pretty straightforward. It's very
well defined and then like you said
those touch points kind of help you make
uh and stay connected with your audience
as well. So
>> 100%. Um I think from there I'll I'll
jump into post. Um so this is like this
is post do two things right so post for
us you can send to a newsletter which is
like the core functionality you can also
send uh to the website as a blog right
so when I go to content
>> um like these are all posts essentially
that I have created and when I hit send
they do two things they post to the
website like an article and they send a
newsletter to my audience and so posts
allow you to do either you can only post
the Uh, but you can only post the email
or you could do both, which is what most
people do. Um,
>> let me jump into what exactly it looks
like. Um, so when going to a post,
again, this is my newsletter. This was a
newsletter that I sent a few weeks ago.
And you can see how I style it.
>> Performance, we have tons of awesome
data here in terms of how many people
received it, opens, clicks, and you can
go pretty granular, too, in terms of
exactly who clicked everything. Yeah.
>> And here's, you know, every subscriber
who clicked on a specific link. So, you
can go pretty deep there. Um, as far as
the actual editor, I think it's the best
in the industry. It's very flexible. You
can customize absolutely everything
here.
>> Everything.
>> Um, let me scroll down to the bottom so
I don't mess this up and I can show you
like a few different things, right? So,
it's a simple can do H1. This is a
header. You can add uh list, files, etc.
So, let's go to an image and this new
image library that we actually just
launched. So, you can like basically
sort and filter by a bunch of different
things, but we actually
>> Oh, very cool.
>> This generate image. Um, I'll let you do
the honors, but what's the image we
should generate with AI here?
>> Uh, I think maybe um maybe some
mountains.
>> Cool. We'll do some mountains. We'll do
mountains that with a I don't know
tropical storm. Let's make it
interesting.
>> Yep.
>> I don't know. Tropical storms happen in
the mountains, but [laughter]
>> you never know. It would create
something. Let's uh test the AI there.
>> Yeah. Let's see how good this AI is. So,
this will probably take a second or two,
but this is like a new image generation
that we're pulling in. And our team is
con that looks pretty sweet.
>> Oh, wow. Very cool. Yeah.
>> Um, so we're going to keep that. We're
going to drop that into the newsletter.
And so you can see like just the
different ways and how customizable
everything is. And you can you can embed
links, Twitter, Tik Toks, uh Instagram,
YouTube, like what whatever you want.
All of the different features that we
offer are um able to be put directly in
here. And then we even have like if for
whatever reason you can't style
something, we actually have a custom
HTML block as well. And so I actually
did this a little bit earlier. You can
drop code into the newsletter. You can
preview exactly what that will look
like. And so our editor is extremely
customizable, but if for whatever reason
there's something that you couldn't do,
you can always drop in custom code.
>> Um, and you can imagine a world where
you saw that I had to jump over to
chatbt to grab that code, we should be
able to bring that code directly in
here. So you could describe it and it
will generate the code for you.
>> Yes, I love it. Uh yeah, this is one of
the features I loved because it is so
hands-on in terms of you know editing
our stuff as well and sometimes even
after publishing right if you published
it and there's you know obviously your
own library where you have your uh
newsletters published but now when I
need to actually I've made a spelling
mistake and because you I've written it
and I can go back and actually change
and edit the published article as well
which is fantastic.
>> Exactly. you get. So once it lives on
the web, you can edit it whenever. This
is a live post. I'm probably not going
to save this, but there's also plenty of
things you can do in terms of uh to for
us to make it as easy as possible. We've
created all these different templates.
>> And so
>> down here you can see a bunch of quick
start templates that we have created. I
can jump to let's say the signal. Um so
this is a template that we've already
designed for you. You can obviously make
it your own. Um, and you can just jump
in here, use template, and now this is
my post. I can go in and edit however
I'd like. This is an ad, which we can
get to in a moment when we get to
monetization. Um, but yeah, so here I
could change this copy and and edit
however I'd like, but like copy the
style and aesthetic of these different
newsletters. And then again, you can
preview everything here. Um, so you can
see what it looks like on email. This is
what it will look like on my website if
I were to publish it. you can see what
it looks like on mobile and then you can
even see exactly what it would look like
for a specific subscriber.
Um, and so you can see here you can read
the whole thing on web. Um, but if
you're actually not a subscriber, you
actually can't read the entire thing.
Um, and so you get hit with this
subscribe gate, which means you have to
put in your email to subscribe.
>> Um, so it's kind of cool that that's how
it actually works on the website. And
this is an ability to basically preview
exactly how before you publish, right?
So like if I'm if I'm a creator who's
thinking about writing this post and I
want to know exactly how it's going to
work on my website, this is how it would
work for
>> a new visitor and then I can see exactly
how it would look for a specific
subscriber.
>> Love it. Yeah. No, 100%. That is one of
the other actually hidden uh lead magnet
because what I feel is sometimes people
want to read it and they don't want to
share the email but then this could be
an opportunity that okay you still need
to share your email to uh get all the
great insights as well. So yeah it's
fantastic.
>> Let me before I jump over to growth I
was going to scroll down to the bottom
of my newsletter. This was the
newsletter I sent this week. And at the
bottom, you'll notice that I have this
down here, which is what I call, well,
it's called a referral program. And so,
>> this is my personal referral program.
The purpose of the referral program is
to incentivize your existing readers to
share with more people. And if I am a
reader of Big Desk Energy and I see
this, I have my own link which this is
updated and everyone has their very own
link here.
>> Um, and you can see I for this well this
is a sample but I have zero referrals.
But if I was a reader and I shared my
link with someone else, my mom, my
friend, whoever, and I get one referral,
then I get this series B deck, which is
the deck that we use to raise $33
million. And if I share with three
people, so I drop it in my group chat
and three of my friends sign up, then I
get $10 off my merch,
>> which I've
>> Yeah.
>> And so this as we transition into how to
grow your audience. The referral program
is this is how it looks like in my
newsletter. And this is a feature that
we've built directly into the platform.
So the referral program here, like you
can see at the top, 780 of my readers
have referred someone. I have a thousand
subscribers from referrals. You can see
different data of how many people
received the the deck and how many
people received the merch. Um, and that
kind of breakdown there. And then you
can see here, this is like where I
actually went to set up the Beehive
deck. Um, you can see
>> nice
>> the name of it, the reward type, how
many referrals needed, uh, the image,
and then you actually create the email,
which is what is sent. Um, which is this
right here. We have file attachments and
everything built into the platform. So,
you don't have to do anything. I don't
have to keep track of this referral
program at all. I set this up once a
year and a half ago. And whenever
someone gets a referral, they will
receive an automated email from me to
receive this reward. And when they get
three referrals, they will receive an
automatic email for me to receive this.
So, I think this is a pretty interesting
and powerful growth tool that
>> y
>> we built at Morning Brew and it led to
over a million readers. we built it
directly into Beehive and now anyone
with a newsletter in Beehive can take
advantage of it. So, it's uh really
powerful and has worked well for me.
>> Yeah, for sure. No, I love it. I love
how the referral programs kind of work
and it also helps the creators to reach
places but at the same time there's so
much incentive for the readers out there
as well and they always love all these
kind of things. It's great.
>> So, I think this is actually where the
Behive platform shines. Obviously, we
have tons of data. It's super easy to
create content. you can build your
website and post. Uh but growth is
really interesting. And so the referral
program is one.
>> Recommendations is another feature that
we have. And so the way that this works
is after you subscribe to a newsletter
who's using recommendations. So let me
see if I can go to this page and get
this to pop up. If I were to type in my
email.com,
what you will see is these are
newsletters that I am recommending. So,
I'm a a new subscriber. I signed up for
Biges Energy and now Biges Energy is
telling me here are four other
newsletters that I really like. I can
subscribe to each of them individually
or I can subscribe to all of them. The
way that this is set up is actually
right here. So, you probably recognize
those logos that I just showed you.
That's these are my what we call the top
four. You can set up to four
recommendations. And these are the ones
that I have set up.
>> You can see that I've sent 35,000
subscribers to other people.
>> Massive.
>> So, I'm I'm a giver, right? I' I've
donated and given [laughter] lots of
subscribers to lots of different
different publishers. And then in
return, you can see recommending me. 773
letters are recommending me and I've
gotten 33,000 subscribers in return.
>> Um, wow.
>> And so you can actually see all of them
and the longtail lots like have just
recently started. Um,
>> nice.
>> So you can see and I I guess they're
sorted in in an odd order, but yeah, it
adds up the 34,000 subscribers that I've
received. These are totally free
subscribers that I've I've set up
through recommendations. Um, and you can
invite [clears throat] others to
recommend you as well using this link.
Um, and you can discover publications.
So, I could say I'm looking for a I
don't know design newsletter
in English. And you can search by name,
category, etc. And
>> so, yeah,
>> recommendations is like the altruistic
like I want to recommend and give other
people subscribers. They give me
subscribers in return. Boost is
basically paid recommendations. Um, so
I've put quite a lot of money into it.
You can see this is over two years. So
about $6,000 a month I've put into
Boost. Um, you can see the open rate of
the subscribers and how many subscribers
I've gotten from Boost.
>> Um,
>> very cool.
>> And and what Boost are, you can
basically think of it as I've created an
offer which is $2.50
and anyone can apply. They can go into
the storefront and marketplace and say,
"I want to promote Big Desk Energy."
When they promote Big Desk Energy, boost
show up here as well. It just says
sponsored.
>> Nice.
>> And so they basically apply to me. And
if they send me a subscriber, I pay them
$2.50 and that's handled automatically.
So, if I go to applications, you can see
here, these are the people who want to
promote Big Desk Energy, and it's super
transparent. So, I can jump into here
and see that this person's pretty new.
They just signed up. They have one post.
Here's their website.
>> That's it.
>> Um, but you can also see their audience
breakdown. So, US, Indonesia, Spain,
Canada, the UK. You can see how big they
are. They're less than 5,000
subscribers. They grow a little slow.
Um, and their engagement is great. And
so I can choose to accept or reject
them. If I were to accept this
application, then they whenever someone
signs up to their newsletter, Big Desk
Energy will pop up in that little modal.
They will send subscribers to me and I
will pay them $2.50.
>> Um, so
>> that is this is one of the most powerful
growth loops in the platform. It's built
on the same rails as recommendations.
Recommendations and boost are very
similar. I'd say recommendations are
just free. booster or paid
recommendations. Um, but
>> and I can show you the flip side. So,
when you go to monetize, this is how
much money I've generated by promoting
other newsletters via boost. You can see
>> some of the ones that I have promoted.
They're paused now. Um, and you can
explore different offers. So, this is me
looking through and and for example,
this the final tally, they're giving $4
per subscriber. And so I could come
here, apply, give them the reason why I
want to promote their newsletter. That
will show up as an application to them.
If they approve, then their newsletter
will show up here on my website. So I
can start getting paid for sending them
subscribers. Um, so boost is super
powerful and one of the more important
like growth levers and monetization
levers in the platform.
>> Nice. Yeah, I love it. I love uh you
know how simple it is first of all to do
all the referral program but at the same
time the boosts as well and I feel as a
creator as well there are so many
different opportunities that can play a
very important role you're and the best
part is where for the smaller creators
as well who are just starting out and if
they want to you know and I've seen it
myself where okay if someone who has
like maybe 20,000 subscribers can make
more money than what they pay to the
platform maybe 3x or 4x times as well.
And uh that is that is where the
differentiation kind of comes into the
game which is why where oh we're using a
platform for free but wait we are
actually making money out of it and we
are reaching places we are actually
advertising. So it's like a one-stop
shop for the creators who are kind of
thinking about the growth. They're
thinking about the boost. They're
thinking about monetizing and they're
thinking about you know advertising at
the same time about what they are doing
in the space and growing. So it's like a
good full circle but to make sure where
the growth is in place and obviously
monetization plays an important role
too.
>> 100%. Our our goal as a platform is for
our users to be making more revenue than
they are paying us.
>> So right if we can help our users
generate revenue that's really what
we're trying to help them and like
that's where most I think creators view
success is like how much money they're
able to generate.
>> Um so two more I have two more
monetization things to show you.
>> Yeah, please tell me. So boost is the
first the beehive ad network is the
other big um monetization thing that we
do in platform. So every week we send
new ad opportunities to publishers that
they can run into their newsletter. Here
you see that deal is an open advertiser
an opportunity that I have that I can
run.
>> They're paying $243
per click. Based on the data they think
that I'm going to earn $270. I think
that actually is pretty conservative.
It's pretty low. And these are the dates
that I can run. So I basically have till
the 20th of February to run this ad. So
if I click set up and accept, we can see
exactly what this ad looks like. And it
even is styled into my newsletter,
right? And so
>> this is an ad with a logo at the top.
And you can see there's different copy
that I can choose from. So me as the
publisher can see which ad I like the
most. or maybe if I don't like the logo
at the top, they have smaller uh
creative that's a little bit
>> that is at the bottom. It does pay a
little bit less without the logo. So,
it's like a primary ad and a secondary
ad. Um, but the with logo is what most
people will choose. And let's say that I
like this ad here. And so without me
ever having to talk to a salesperson or
um at deal or a growth person at deal, I
can actually accept this ad, drop it
directly into the newsletter, and then
get paid $2.50 per click without having
to do any additional work. Um so
monetization with premium sponsors is
definitely one of the most powerful
features on the platform and that is the
Beehive ad network.
>> Yeah. Uh I love it.
And then the very last thing I'm going
to show is one that I'm actually one of
the most excited about which is digital
products. And so we re recently launched
the ability to sell digital products
directly on the platform. So let me show
you exactly what that looks like. And
this is the survey I was talking about
earlier by the way.
>> Nice. Got it.
>> And [clears throat] then welcome. So, I
built this newsletter playbook,
um, which you can see here. It is the
newsletter playbook for founders. It is
some of what I went over in this call or
video today. Basically, how I was able
to actually scale my newsletter to a
100,000 people. Um, but I built a
digital product for $10. And so anyone
can go to this page, they can pay $10
and they will receive a 60s slide deck
of how I was able to scale my newsletter
behind the scenes and a 30 minute
recording of me explaining and so it's
all integrated here. Important that
Beehive does not take a cut of revenue.
So when people purchase this for $10, I
get all $10 minus the Stripe fees.
That's very different from most
platforms in the creator economy.
typically take 10 or even 15% of
revenue. Beehive does not take revenue.
So this right here, as you can imagine,
I built directly into the platform.
Beehive handles everything. So
>> you can see of $864 sales. That's $8,600
for a $10 product.
>> Um it took, you know, minutes to set up.
This is the entire form.
>> Um you can add multiple images down
here. You can set up the URL. You can
set the different price. Um, but that is
what created this page. Um, so literally
it took five minutes to set up and in
those five minutes has turned into
$8,600.
>> Wow. Massive.
>> And and we've built a full suite here,
right? So you have we you have full
order management. So you can see who
ordered, you can do refunds, you can
create codes for discounts. Um there's
product reviews as well. Um I'm I'm
going to accept that review. Um yeah.
Yeah. So, it's like a full digital
product suite. And not only can you sell
digital products, um, this one has no
sales yet, but I I have a coaching
session that I set up for $1,000 where I
will do an hour-long call
>> and you can book time with me directly.
And you can see this calendar pop up
here. And so we've built the ability for
content creators and experts to be able
to sell their time directly on the
platform and again doesn't take a cut.
>> I love it. And one quick question Tyler
in terms of you know obviously these
products as well is it limited to just
the ebooks or coaching or can we do
maybe a complete video course that we
can also put in here because that is a
different ballgame which has like a lot
of heavy files that come into the game.
Is that also can that be a part of the
products as well?
>> Yeah, so that's what we're working on.
We we have the ability to do different
templates and guides and ebooks and you
can upload files and video files as well
to enroll into like an actual multi-step
course that we host on the platform is
one of the things that we're working on
now. So yeah, that's what I would
expect.
It's going to be a game changer for sure
once and this itself uh because what
we've been doing we use multiple
platforms like comro other stuff or you
know obviously and as you mentioned in
the start itself we you guys are making
sure where the creators don't have to
use 10 different uh tools together just
to do one thing but they can actually
find everything in your and obviously
having an ad network having you know
obviously these products into the
is uh non-negotiable for me after
looking at this because I feel like yes
it has to be everything has to be in
just one place where I can uh see who's
signing up and then the best thing is
the even the pay structure right you're
saying anyone who buys the product uh
and the complete amount goes there's no
commission deduction because sometimes
it's it even goes up to 20% at a lot of
platforms but here it is like okay
whatever you charge you get the full
money, which is great for the creators
for sure.
>> And we're a super affordable platform,
right? We are not expensive. We're one
of the cheaper in the in the in the
industry, and we don't take a cut of any
revenue. So, I I didn't get a chance to
show everything, but I think I showed
some of the core highlights. You can see
kind of everything from segments, we
didn't show, polls, we didn't go into
subscribe forms. We did most of the
growth. We did a lot of monetize. I
don't have a paid subscription, so I
don't I didn't show that off. the
website we showed and we didn't go into
analyze either. But I think the biggest
takeaway is it really is like a full
suite of tools to do everything from
website, newsletter, digital products,
paid subscriptions, advertising allin
one. Um it's it's pretty powerful and so
hopefully people found this valuable and
can take some of the tips and from the
behind the scenes and apply it to their
own newsletter.
>> Totally. I love this Tyler. This was
incredibly practical uh a good show and
tell and this is what I love uh you know
about founders like yourself and
creators like yourself to be honest
you've made more than half a million
just through the newsletter in last two
two years which is great uh first of all
thanks for walking us through the real
setup not just the highlights and also
giving us in depth about how it all
works for everyone watching obviously we
have a special offer for you guys as
well so uh stay tuned uh you can
actually get 30% off on BI for your
first three months using the code
ravit30. Uh I'll share everything in the
comments so you can go and apply for
that. Uh and thanks to BI for uh doing
that for the community like I always say
they kind of make sure where the
creators feel confident about the
platform and it's a creator platform
more than anything is what I feel
because me and my team have been using
it for years and I've seen immense uh
value and also uh you know the the ads
the monetization it is pretty
straightforward I don't think and even
you know one thing Tyler you didn't
mention is like for those uh who
actually are on platform your team is A+
to work with because even if I have like
the smallest thing I reach out to the
team I don't even think about it and I
get the response in maybe 30 minutes to
1 hour and in detail helping out so that
is like the big big win to be honest and
uh yeah I'll make sure to share the link
with you guys in the chat but if you're
serious about building a newsletter then
I that can actually scale this is worth
checking out for sure. Tyler, any uh any
words for our audience who wants to
start with the newsletter? Where should
they start?
>> No. Well, I'm glad you brought up our
customer support. We have like 20 of the
most talented, smart, like not automated
human people that are experts in the
platform who who really do care and we
do have a great customer support. Um and
I hopefully that comes from the top. I'm
available whenever you can find me, but
on LinkedIn X or definitely to subscribe
to my newsletter, Big Desk Energy. Um, I
respond I respond to every email. Um, so
if you want to get in touch with me, I'd
be more than happy to help. And I'm
pumped that we were able to hook you up
with a discount code. We don't do that
often, so definitely take advantage of
it. Um, go to behive.com, sign up, and
and I'm excited to see what you build.
>> Yes. Uh, I love it. Uh, thanks once
again, Tyler, for doing this. Obviously,
we can't wait to do a 2.0 our session
with you very soon uh as you know the
platform evolves so quickly and there's
so many different things you all keep
adding I can't wait to see you very soon
uh but everyone thanks for joining us
thanks for uh you know putting in
questions like Tyler mentioned if you
all have any other questions as well you
all can connect with him on LinkedIn
obviously you've seen us uh you know the
newsletter you can go sign up get all
the benefits and obviously check out the
B platform but until next time uh Tyler,
uh, see you again uh, very soon and
thank you everyone for joining us today.
>> We'll be back with a part two soon
>> for sure. Thank you. Thank you everyone
for joining us.